Hello, I am Pavel Ignatovich
and today we will talk about how
choose a potential partner but there
boyfriend girlfriend depending on who
you are certainly more interested in this whole topic
cover in one very short clip
difficult therefore I will tell only about the most
key
if you want to look for such thresholds
their things are 3 and they are not connected in any way
with the appearance of defects not with other
some paid
what are your head bound and so prepared
thing number one you need to understand
is this person able to negotiate
that is, theoretically, in general, he
tends to negotiate or is it the other way around
tends to bend you or there
sags here if a person seeks
bend you bends it is not
very good option and for sure
man is not ready for partnership yet
partners are always a contract and need but
if not able to negotiate
then at least want to negotiate and so
first want to agree second
you need to look like this person
speaks of other people
if other people can do good things for him
to be there is not very good but in general
all good boss good parents
good friends great it's good
this is your option if the person is about everyone
speaks badly bureau chief
subordinate diodes livestock colleagues all
around it all don't understand what it is
already alarm
most likely you too will fall into it
number most likely you sometime too
will become
by someone and here this listed
so as soon as you notice this
negativist run from him don't hit like
possible as soon as possible now
the third is difficult to call in one word
so I will describe the situation imagine
imagine that a man but like that women
quarreled but sometimes it happens happened and
then it means let's say a woman comes to
him and says you know i would
and a little bit wrong so here I am
slightly got excited somehow not here
see us will be fork
and two options situation the first option
the man says yes and I am by the way
said that you were wrong here I immediately
knew it was necessary to immediately agree and
the second option when he says me too
I got excited too, I lost my temper too
somehow here forgive me here if a man
conducted as in the first case is not an option
for a relationship because he is to blame
all but him is not a man I saw
as in the second case, all is well this
man is somehow ready but
just in case knowing how sharply people
react to the topic of men and women i
I will say that this applies of course
representative of any of our two
wonderful sex and men and women to
concerns to exactly the same degree
equality of arms there is a cavity in general
concerns so let's repeat 1 person
to be a good partner must though
would just want to negotiate
second he must be given to other people
good 3
he must be able to meet
be able to admit your mistakes if three
these points and no options and the way
if suddenly you didn't like the word
should
I want to say this is just a turn of the Russian
put speech
khorkova important if you so easier
insert the words you need if you like
do not insert any word if you like
it will be easier this is all the same and so
want to negotiate to respond others
good to go after a quarrel
third qualities are threshold for
that the person became the printer though
looking for partners for anything
people everything else add to taste a
it is mandatory but now
Like like this is great
thumb up subscribe to my channel
Share this video with friends VKontakte
and facebook in hyper blue
are you in other wonderful social
networks, wait for new videos and up to new ones
happy meetings